

Why not use OSCAR instead of TOC?
For 2 very good reasons.  First, OSCAR has only a few advantages over TOC I'm aware of:
buddy icons -- Something useless for a non-GUI program
the ability to see when the other party is typing a message -- A rather useless feature
the ability to request a file transfer from the other party -- I would assume this to be useless as well, unless it works so that if 1 person is behind a firewall and is trying to send a file, the other person can request the file.  Makes sense, but it won't precipitate a protocol switch by itself.
the ability to obtain someones away message without sending a message -- Perhaps a nice feature, but makes a small dent in my laziness
The second reason is that OSCAR is much more complicated, and, since multiple connections must be made and sustained, more prone to failures.

There are existing OSCAR libraries out there, like libfaim, to add support, why not use them?
Because I wrote this as a means of expanding my knowledge of C++.  I learn more writing my own protocol handlers.

Why is it named gah?
For a number of reasons, each listed in reverse logical order:
gah is a grunting noise demonstrating frustration
gah stands for "God Also Hates"
caim was taken

Why don't you add support for ...?
Because...
You didnt fill in a feature request form on the project page
Thats an idiotic idea
Thats too much work OR not something I want to do
It's already there, but its undocumented and I wont show you how to use it.  Its there though.

The debug log doesn't seem to log when the logger enters the logging functions, why not?
You're an idiot.

Why do they call it a FAQ when no one really asks the questions on it?
Im sorry, FAQ doesnt stand for Frequently asked questions, it stands for Flamboyent and Queer.

Does Tom really like men, or is just a long standing joke?
Yes.

Who's Tom?
Tom Anderson.  If you don't know who he is, then you definetly didn't know what the architect was talking about.

How can I donate money?
Just kidding.

Why is the code so messy?
Its not, its organized using a complex method of laziness combined with a minor case wrist cramps due to bad posture.

Do you know you misspelled... ?
This question? Yes, I know.

The program called me an 'Aarsridder'.  What does that even mean?
It doesnt taste as good as it sounds.

Why are you a racist homophobic communist?
I'm racist because I needed another excuse for my arrogance, homophobic because it hilarious, and a communist because religion is the opiate of the masses.
